 Code Review Checklist for Data Parsers
🔹 1. Timestamp Format Validation
Requirement: All timestamps must be in Unix format (e.g., 1747622827).

Why: Ensures consistency and simplifies time-based calculations, storage, and querying.

Action: Look for any timestamp fields (e.g., in Post or thread) and confirm they are stored as Unix integers, not human-readable formats like YYYY-MM-DD.

🔹 2. Source Metadata Checks
Requirement: The source object should include a key description, and its value must be 'News' or 'news'.

Why: This validates that the parser is categorized correctly.

Action: Inspect the source definition and confirm:

ts
Copy
Edit
description: 'News' // or 'news'
🔹 3. Date Formatting Inside Post Metadata
Requirement: If a date key is used in post metadata, it must be in the MM/DD/YYYY format.

Why: This standardizes date readability across systems.

Action: Check for any keys like date, and verify values follow this pattern (e.g., 05/27/2025).

🔹 4. Backfilled Minutes Setting
Requirement: backfilledminutes should be either 30 or 1440.

Why: Ensures predictable time windows for backfilling historical data.

Action: Look at the parser instantiation:

ts
Copy
Edit
new AuthParser(source, [...], backfilledminutes);
Confirm backfilledminutes is 30 or 1440 only.

🔹 5. Required Post Metadata Keys
Requirement: Each post object must contain:

A key named ingestpurpose

A key named parser_type

Why: These keys identify the origin and type of parsing, critical for downstream pipelines.

Action: In the Post constructor, verify:

ts
Copy
Edit
new Map(Object.entries({
  ingestpurpose: '...',
  parser_type: ...,
  ...
}))
🔹 6. Thread Handler Validation (If Present)
Condition: If the code declares a threadHandler function, then:

Each thread object returned should have the following keys:

title

link

timestamp (Unix format)

parser

Why: Standardizes structure for threaded content.

Action: Locate the threadHandler function (if defined) and verify the structure of thread items matches the required keys and format.

🔹 7. General Consistency Checks
Ensure:

No leftover debug prints or comments.

Consistent formatting (indentation, brackets, etc.).

Use of constants (e.g., PARSER_TYPE) for standardization.

No hardcoded magic strings unless clearly justified.
